README.md, before:

# sublime-sync

A command-line watcher / sync tool for the Sublime SFTP plugin (https://wbond.net/sublime_packages/sftp). 

The problem with the Sublime SFTP plugin is that if files are modified externally it does not synchronize them. This module does the same as the SFTP plugin setting and also monitors recursively for external changes (Git pulls, build tools etc).

If changes are detected the files are automatically synchronized with your remote SFTP directory. It still uses your SFTP server settings / credentials from sftp-config.json and respects the ignore rules set in 'ignore_regexes'.

If no sftp-config.json was found the user will be prompted to enter host / credential information. sublime-sync will then create a sftp-config.json manually. When using OS X the password will be stored in the keychain instead of sftp-config.json

## Installation
Install with npm for Node.js. sublime-sync requires [sshpass](http://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/noninteractive-shell-script-ssh-password-provider) to allow password verification without a command prompt.

```
brew install https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kadwanev/bigboybrew/master/Library/Formula/sshpass.rb
npm install sublime-sync -g
```

## Usage
 
You can start the watcher by going to the directory you want to watch and call 'sublime-sync':

```
cd ~/myDir
sublime-sync
```

## Support

If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.

Rick Groenewegen

rick@aanzee.nl

## License
The ISC License (ISC)

Copyright (c) 2015 Rick Groenewegen

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added support for SFTP flags

README.md, after:

# sublime-sync

A command-line watcher / sync tool for the Sublime SFTP plugin (https://wbond.net/sublime_packages/sftp). 

The problem with the Sublime SFTP plugin is that if files are modified externally it does not synchronize them. This module does the same as the SFTP plugin setting and also monitors recursively for external changes (Git pulls, build tools etc).

If changes are detected the files are automatically synchronized with your remote SFTP directory. It still uses your SFTP server settings / credentials from sftp-config.json and respects the ignore rules set in 'ignore_regexes'.

If no sftp-config.json was found the user will be prompted to enter host / credential information. sublime-sync will then create a sftp-config.json manually. When using OS X the password will be stored in the keychain instead of sftp-config.json

## Installation
Install with npm for Node.js. sublime-sync requires [sshpass](http://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/noninteractive-shell-script-ssh-password-provider) to allow password verification without a command prompt.

```
brew install https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kadwanev/bigboybrew/master/Library/Formula/sshpass.rb
npm install sublime-sync -g
```

## Usage
 
You can start the watcher by going to the directory you want to watch and call 'sublime-sync':

```
cd ~/myDir
sublime-sync
```

## SSH keys

Using SSH keys is supported, but only by configuring the path to the PEM file in your sftp-config.json:

```
"sftp_flags": ["-o IdentityFile=/path/to/your.pem"],
```

## Support

If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.

Rick Groenewegen

rick@aanzee.nl

## License
The ISC License (ISC)

Copyright (c) 2015 Rick Groenewegen

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
